Fix race condition for concurrent `/auth/refresh` calls (#22433)
directus/directus: .changeset/hot-apples-greet.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> Fixed a race condition in `/auth/refresh` that occured when multiple app windows refresh at the same time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a race condition that occurred when multiple browser tabs refresh at the same time,  whereby a user could unintentionally lose the session
```
